It's getting late, Betty. How is your homework?
Nearly finished. Mom, do you think that life is better today than in the past?
Yes. Of course I do. I do too.
People are well-thier today, and they live longer than they did in the past.
That's true. We know more about medicine today, and there's less fear of getting ill
because we know how to deal with the ordinary diseases.
But people don't take as much exercise as they used to.
I suppose that's because more people have cars, and they walk or use their bikes less.
Some people think life in the past was simpler and healthier than today.
More wealth sometimes means less health.
When the number of cars is doubled, the pollution is also doubled or even worse.
What about work? Do people work as hard as they did 50 years ago?
Yes, and they sometimes work harder. People seldom say they have enough spare time.
Why don't you go and ask Mrs. Lee, our neighbor?
She's over 70 years old. She's seen how life has changed.
That's a good idea. I'll go and ask her. Remember to speak up. She's a bit deaf now.